Okay,
So here's another question from Jonathan Now the question originally.
Waas in column d We have three columns of data calls texts on day za and the throughs zero
value in all three columns,
then return a blank in column D.
And I'm sure we do have a blank somewhere down here.
Andi,
if there is a value in any of these cells,
then return the title that's displayed in road,
too.
So the question for this lecture is slightly different in the question is,
the first part is exactly the same.
So if all of the cells are blank than returned blank here,
But if any of these cells have text in them,
then return the heading in row two again.
But this time,
F two G two or H two.
So the first thing we're gonna do is we're going to just get some text in there randomly.
So I'm just going to show you how I'm going to build the formula for that.
So what do you say equals round between over brackets one on and two.
So that's going to give us sound set off between one on too.
So now what I'm gonna say is if open brackets round between one and two equals won't come
out.
Some text close brackets failing.
Now I'm just going to say return a blank close.
Rockets hit.
Enter.
So they know we have blanks there.
I mean,
a copy that across on down a couple of 100 lines to match the other day,
sir.
Go control gun d se goes and there were randomly have text or no text.
I'm just going to copy that.
Pay special values.
Andi know we have a data set.
Okay,
Now,
because we're dealing with text robin values,
if we look over this formula here,
you'll see the first part is a some.
Now we can't some because its text.
So what we need to do is combine the text using it can Katyn eight and check the length of
the concoct innate ID string.
So again,
we're gonna build in step.
So we're going to say equals cats in eight open brackets.
Can cabinet that comma with that calmer on drips that on enter Sago,
we can see we have a concurrent,
innate ID string here.
Just say some text on below because we have to some texts.
We'll have some text,
some text.
But what we actually want to do is find out the length of that string.
So we're gonna come back to the formula after the equals and before they can.
Katyn eight.
Just type l e m open rackets.
And the text is this Can Katyn ation string that we've just written come to their own
closer brackets his center.
So they go here,
we can see our combined length of Arkan.
Caffeinated string is 9 18 here,
nine here and he at because we have three blanks.
The King Captain ated length is zero there that we can do a test against.
So again,
we're gonna come up to this formula And we're going to say if the length of all this equals
zero,
that is,
there is no texting column f,
g or H comma return a blank,
double quotes,
comma.
And now this is our false statement.
For now,
we're going to say,
I'm gonna be careful here.
Some thing else.
Close quote close brackets.
Andi,
enter Vegas and no one we copy that groups when we copy that formula down by double
clicking here,
we have something else because we have text in at least one of these columns.
And here,
when we have three blanks in a row,
it's returning just a blank return.
Okay,
there are two ways that we can do this next part of the formula.
So what we're going to do first is well,
do the length one.
So if we say equals,
if open brackets the length,
actually,
it's do this in piecemeal.
So that starts beginning we can say equals the Len,
which is short for length off this cell.
So they go.
So here we get nine on dull the way them get either 900 So now if we come in front of the
land and after the cause because A if the length off nine is equal or we can say is greater
than zero,
that is,
there is text in it comma,
then return value.
If true,
f two.
And we're gonna press F four on the keyboard to make that absolute f at absolute f absolute
to on a stick and ampersand in.
And we're gonna add a speck quote space quote and that's gonna make it nice and tidy when
we build the concatenation string.
Sorry,
comma and if it's false,
just returned blank.
Uh,
okay,
all we could do it in the opposite way by saying here we've tested.
See if the value is greater than zero.
We could also test the seafood is equals zero.
So again,
we're gonna build it.
Same way we're going to say equals the Len of this self close brackets on.
Just copy that down.
So we have a length of zero or no independent on if there is a value in here or not.
And then what we're going to say is,
if open brackets the length of G three is equal to zero,
that is,
it is blank return a blank double quotes,
comma failing that.
Return the value in G to press F four on the keyboard because we want that to be an
absolute value.
So that sound value if false.
So if the length of G three is equal to zero,
return a blank failing that return me the value in absolute G absolute too.
And again because this is the middle string.
What we can do is at an ampersand,
quotes,
space quotes,
and that will give us a space between this one and the last one on his enter.
So here we get nothing,
because there's nothing in there.
But we can copy that Down on they go.
If we have some text in here we can see were returned in the word texts from G to on one of
Hindus.
I'm just going to copy that formula.
Uh,
be on pace in their Andi.
Then we'll have all threes.
But instead of looking at G two,
we want to look at H two,
so I'm just contract those over on hit enter.
And we can also delete that space at the end because it's the last part of the string,
so we don't necessarily need a space after it.
So they go.
If we have some text in there,
we get calls.
get text.
If we have some text in there,
we get data.
Now,
all we need to do is build a can cast a nation that puts this this this together.
So what we're going to say equals corn.
Captain Nate Open Records that comma that comma on DWhite wouldn't think it's just copy
that them.
And now what we're gonna do?
Yep,
that looks all elicit.
Should.
What we're going to do is replace the J three with the formula from J three.
So this is the Cell J three.
So I'm going to cop every copy everything after the equals copy.
Just hit,
escape and tight.
That over J three.
So there's the first part of our formula there.
The next parties K three.
So I'm gonna come to K three and copied that formula.
Copy his escape.
CA move.
Ary pace.
That over K three on the last bit is l three that we can see just here.
So I'm gonna come to l three and steal that bit of the formula and then paste that over
here.
So then when I copy that down,
we can see that we get the concatenation so we don't with the cells so we can delete those
now delete on their or we need to do is replace the false test that something else with
this formula.
So we're just gonna copy all of that formula all the way up so they can Katyn,
eight.
I'm gonna come to here and delete the false test,
which is the open quote.
Something else.
Close quotes paste in the concatenation formula that we just built his enter on.
There you go.
That formula works.
Exactly.
I'm gonna just going Delete column,
Jenkins,
Delete,
Delete On they go.
That formula works exactly the same as this one.
But instead of using numbers,
you can do with texts.
So I hope that answers your question.
Enjoy.
And as ever,
if you have any other ones just posting on the forum and I would be happy to answer them
for you have a great day.